README.md, before:

# Dijiwan Job Application

## The Company

[Dijiwan SAS](http://dijiwan.com) is a **digital agency** of **brands strategies**.

We help *companies*, *brands* and *public organizations* to better **understand their market**, **who** is talking about them, and **how**, through Web medias (websites, social networks, advertising, SEO etc.).

Therefore, **we deliver analysis, recommendations and insights** through both **high quality maps** and **strategies**.

## The Project

The mission of the techy guys is to build *ergonomic tools*, *bridges* (aka *webservices*) and *semantic data stores*.
The fun part is that we can **help improving all the processes**, and even **bring new commercial features**!

## Job profiles

Some job profiles are listed below.

Applying is simple: **create a pull request** showing who you are, what have you **done** and what you are **expecting**.
You can either push a resume, some code and even submodules to link your link towards your public projects.
Ask your questions at the same time, or create an issue… it's up to you.

### Experienced Web Developer

__Position__:

* Full time job availabe from 1st January 2012
* Location: Allées de Tourny, Bordeaux, France
* Earning will depend of the experience, and we are aware than having a good salary is also a good motivation for a good work.
* But seriously, expect earning at least 2000€ (tax deducted)
* Teleworking is feasible, with some roundtrips to the agency

__Interested and/or experienced in these technos__:

* HTTP
* Node.js
* Python
* PHP
* HTML5
* JavaScript/ECMAScript
* CSS3
* MongoDB
* AMPQ/RabbitMQ
* Git (obviously)

__Required skills__:

* good Web knowledge
* team talkative
* responsible
* upstanding
* autonomous
* trustful
* enjoying and making his job better every day

Commit message:

Added a notice about graphical identity.

README.md, after:

# Dijiwan Job Application

## The Company

[Dijiwan SAS](http://dijiwan.com) is a **digital agency** of **brands strategies**.

We help *companies*, *brands* and *public organizations* to better **understand their market**, **who** is talking about them, and **how**, through Web medias (websites, social networks, advertising, SEO etc.).

Therefore, **we deliver analysis, recommendations and insights** through both **high quality maps** and **strategies**.

## The Project

The mission of the techy guys is to build *ergonomic tools*, *bridges* (aka *webservices*) and *semantic data stores*.
The fun part is that we can **help improving all the processes**, and even **bring new commercial features**!

*Notice*: and yes, we will have to build a fresh website with our new graphical identity provided by [QSLD](http://www.qsld.com/) – the guys who redesigned [Veuve Clicquot champaign](http://www.veuve-clicquot.com/) and other fine spirits.

## Job profiles

Some job profiles are listed below.

Applying is simple: **create a pull request** showing who you are, what have you **done** and what you are **expecting**.
You can either push a resume, some code and even submodules to link your link towards your public projects.
Ask your questions at the same time, or create an issue… it's up to you.

### Experienced Web Developer

__Position__:

* Full time job availabe from 1st January 2012
* Location: Allées de Tourny, Bordeaux, France
* Earning will depend of the experience, and we are aware than having a good salary is also a good motivation for a good work.
* But seriously, expect earning at least 2000€ (tax deducted)
* Teleworking is feasible, with some roundtrips to the agency

__Interested and/or experienced in these technos__:

* HTTP
* Node.js
* Python
* PHP
* HTML5
* JavaScript/ECMAScript
* CSS3
* MongoDB
* AMPQ/RabbitMQ
* Git (obviously)

__Required skills__:

* good Web knowledge
* team talkative
* responsible
* upstanding
* autonomous
* trustful
* enjoying and making his job better every day
